OCPBUGS-36901: Add step to network observability installation for Lokiless option (#79278)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/network-observability-operator-install.adoc

. Navigate to *Operators* -> *Installed Operators*. Under Provided APIs for Network Observability, select the *Flow Collector* link.
. Navigate to the *Flow Collector* tab, and click *Create FlowCollector*. Make the following selections in the form view:
.. *spec.agent.ebpf.Sampling*: Specify a sampling size for flows. Lower sampling sizes will have higher impact on resource utilization. For more information, see the "FlowCollector API reference", `spec.agent.ebpf`.

> .. If you are not using Loki, click *Loki client settings* and change *Enable* to *False*. It is enabled by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. If you are not using Loki, click *Loki client settings* and change *Enable* to *False*. The setting is enabled by default.
```
